really really pleased to be introducing
cake in
um cake in is a collaborative practice
or he can r a collaborative practice
co-founded by Tanya Cruz Hannah amori
and Isabel Ramos in 2015 who frequently
work with multiple collaborators based
between London and Berlin they come from
mixed diasporic backgrounds Mexican
Japanese European Jewish and they're
building a collective shared space of
virtual worlds a metaverse cake in the
Japanese word for experience
um
uh cake and meaning the Japanese word
for experience create speculative worlds
using moving image CGI gaming software
installation virtual and augmented
reality programming and performance to
merge the physical and the digital their
work simulates new structures and ways
of existing exploring how societal
interjection governs the way we feel
think and perceive recent exhibition
exhibitions include radical gaming at
HEK Basel Uh Russian how will we live
together at the Russian Federation
Pavilion at the Venice architecture
biennale uh pieces of me at transfer
Gallery created by Yours Truly uh the
Arts is online at Konig Gallery curated
by Annika Meyer and many many many more
um what we're about to watch is a clip
from their 30-minute uh we're gonna
watch a clip from the video piece
wisdoms for love 3.0 which isn't quite a
video piece it's really a lot of
different things all at once it really
expands across different media wisdoms
for love 3.0 is a web-based video game
by Kickin from a larger World building
project titled metaverse we are at the
end of something this work was developed
in collaboration with uh with Obsolete
and rendered with Ryan votier it
features MoCA performances by sakima
Crook and sound design by kidja rooted
in a decision-making gameplay the player
uses wisdom tokens of which there are
100 in total to help navigate to love
3.0 or a more idealized version of the
metaverse where love and wisdom are
traded rather than currency of uh of a
purely economic value
the game explores the bubbled up
feelings compressed Consciousness and
fervent beliefs of the Contemporary
moment where the desire for change in a
more Equitable and decentralized future
is collectively being challenged this
piece asks us what wisdom do we need to
get to love 3.0 and not just web 3.0
what kind of decentralized system do we
systems do we want to do we want in our
base reality the Earth and in the
metaverse and how do we access Global
kind making for the future of humanity
and with that please enjoy this clip and
we'll be back in just a little bit for a
live performance from Cake in
thank you
[Music]
foreign
wow
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign
thank you
[Music]
foreign
I believe that in my very existence in
my very being I
am a physical representation of
questioning all that we know
questioning gender time sex
money food all of these ideas that we've
been fed
I represent a questioning of all of
those things
my appearance is confronting to many and
many don't wish to see it
because I represent everything and
everyone
that to look at me is to see the parts
of yourself that you might not yet have
accepted
but the whole journey starts with
self-love
seeing yourself and others understanding
that we are one
and so you must treat others the way
that you wish to be treated with love
with kindness
even on what could be perceived as your
worst day
same amount of love that you would show
an innocent child
is the same amount of love that you must
show to yourself and others
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
hey everyone welcome back we're here
still with Julia Greenway Superstar
Creator
um and uh Izzy Hannah and Tanny from
kicking welcome guys
hi hi
we're really excited so we're good so
we're gonna be doing a little bit of q a
but it's going to be a little bit
different than some of the other
sessions we've had today keiken is going
to be doing a show and tell performance
of a new sculptural piece a haptic womb
uh the the womb of the metaverse I
believe uh meta The Meta womb there we
go
um yeah uh Izzy take it away
oh yeah can you see my shed screen so I
don't
no not yet
that's weird let me just try again
okay let's see
I see it on the stream it's just not in
yeah oh
okay
do we see the Stream
hang on everybody just a little just a
moment here while we while we get
ourselves sorted out
there we go we're good
okay see you
okay
um so I have a bit of a presentation but
I can just
um I'll just go with some bits and then
I'll get to
um the sort of show and tell that I'm
gonna that we're gonna be showing and we
can talk about it
um so I mean this side I mean where do
you kind of introduced us anyway so I'm
gonna go into the next one so here's
just
um a few examples of our work here is
um uh sort of as uh it was called the
metaverse room and it's a ritual
performance using motion capture 360
video and sound
um and the performers attached to three
avatars I'll move to the next one so
this is
um our haptic wearable womb which we've
made too which I'm actually going to
show you in a bit
um
has wisdoms for love 3.0 which is an
online decision making game and
non-fungible token Collectibles project
and the game explored bubble dot
feelings Collective Consciousness and
beliefs of the Contemporary moment where
the desire for Change and more equal
decentralized Futures collectively being
challenged the game is rooted in
decision making where you have to decide
your fate
um and you can collect up to 100
different tokens and there's live chat
featured in it as well
um and then this is it at heck in Basel
um well it's the more physical version
so you can set and you're actually
around water
there's another mixed reality
performance
um where basically the performers were
motion they were motion capture suits
and we use this unplug published plugin
where
um
we use this unpublished plugin where the
audience members could um on their
phones they would be on Facebook and on
a 360 live stream they could using like
like heart and the reaction buttons
would create live changes in the virtual
environment and the physical performance
and in the virtual world
um here's just some more thermometer
verse installation
augmented empathy which is an augmented
reality AR installation
um
yeah
um and I basically wanted to kind of
talk a bit about what about the
metaverse and what it kind of means to
us
um So currently that verse is a buzzword
it's been coming into the mainstream in
our practice we're constantly asking
ourselves different questions about what
is the metaverse is the metaverse a 3D
virtual world inhabited
um by avatars of real people is it
something to do with nfts is it buying
virtual land that is awesome rather than
fills your body with a sense of inner
peace is it a parallel universe grown
through our Collective Minds
um we're really interested a lot in
neuroscientists Antonio dimasio who
states in the strange Order of Things
feelings have not been given credit they
deserve as motives monitors and
negotiators of cultural human Endeavors
Endeavors and it is feelings that
motivate us to build to invent and to
create all artifacts and instruments of
culture demacio argues that the root of
what we build is based on how we feel so
how do we feel right now how do we feel
as a society a culture do we feel free
excited hopeful balanced or do we feel
frustrated anxious resentful divided do
we feel with our whole body rather than
just in our mind is it healthy to fill
an array of emotions however we often
place a hierarchy on which emotions are
good or bad positive or negative what
about the safety and awareness of our
feelings and how do they ex how do they
expel and
um and fold inside oneself in another
what happens when we ignore or do not
process our feelings on individuals
small or societal levels over
generations and many generations to come
if energy can neither be created nor
destroyed energy cannot can only be
transferred or changed to one form or
another what do they transmute into
where do they go
um so I'm just going to show a clap of
bustle of reality
[Music]
foreign
[Laughter]
[Music]
I have all your data inside me
always about your life that usually
makes me feel better though no thank you
it
so temporary
now
[Music]
that really helps you to understand
what's going on in your mind
but that's not true you confuse my
reality like a mirage
[Music]
we are suffering
I'm sorry me I'm going to have to leave
you for all
[Music]
thank you
GPS lower campus position simple yet
intricate
combines you
use cell service
and ultimately I take you to your
desired destination within
reasonably include web 3.0
[Music]
what did I do wrong why would they hurt
me like this
maybe you should find a new system too
yeah I can find a new system maybe if I
catch them all then I will own all and
me will come back to me what I meant it
makes so much sense
and we charge for speculative energy now
so I can do anything
you always help me find myself you can
you please drop me off here
before you go here's your day cup keep
it safe in your self-solving world
me you are the highest Authority for
yourself not others
whatever I'll see you later
[Music]
thank you